Great grandma, dad and my mom just got married
The meal is ready, let's eat
Come on, let's go eat, come eat
Thank you, Nan
It's not hard to make such a big table of dishes
Come on, kids, eat more food!
Come recruit and eat a carrot
Thank you, Grandma
But grandma, I don't eat carrots.
You are just like our Yanchen.
Don't like carrots, yeah
This kid
No matter how you look at it, you really look like a child of the Queen Feng family
Hey, let's go, babies.
After dinner, let's go to the living room to watch TV.
Ah, let me do the dishes. Today
Then please.
Where's grandma, I just left
Would you like some fruit?
Oh, no.
I'm going to make a call, you rest early
How did that happen?
I don't know.
Suddenly the power went out.
Is there a power outage?
No blackouts.
Is the light bulb in the room broken?
Try changing a light bulb
Change the light bulb
You wouldn't.
Okay, I'll do it.
You change light bulbs.
For so many years, I have been raising children alone
Why not?
Have long learned
He seems
She's not like any girl I've ever met before
Maybe I should let go of those prejudices
All right.
Did he really socialize with you as a child?